Fix invalid html in data-summary by using an attribute selector (#1701)
nl-design-system/rijkshuisstijl-community: .changeset/strong-tips-lose.md

---
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-angular': minor
---

> Fix invalid html in data-summary by using an attribute selector

Reviewer: ff nitpicking voor uitgebreidheid, omdat het in de changelog terecht komt
```suggestion
Fix invalid markup in Data Summary component by using an attribute selector instead of a component selector.
```
